So to solve this problem let us write a function
remove duplicates which takes the array and its size as the
input and returns an integer which is the new length
of the array
Firstly if the number of elements is less than three
we can return n straight away
So write if n less than three, return n and otherwise if
number of elements is greater than two we keep the
first element for granted
So just declare and set new length equal to one
and also declare the iterating variable i
So write int newlen equal to one, i
Now from the second element compare its previous and next
elements
If they are equal just keep it. If they are
not equal store the current element and increment the new
length count. so write for i equal to one,  i less than n-1, i++
and in each iteration, check
If array[i-1] not equal to array[i+1]
then store that element and increment newlen
So write array[newlen++]
equal to array[i]
So we have done the process from index one to
n-1
Finally we need to store the last element
So write
Array[newlen++] equal to array[n-1]
So now we have removed duplicates which appear more than twice
And this is our final array
And we have the new array length in variable Newlen
So we just need to return it. So write return newlen.